#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.11
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
asgiref==3.5.2
    # via django
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via redis
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
bleach[css]==5.0.1
    # via django-bleach
celery==5.2.7
    # via
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-celery-results
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   pip-tools
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cortex4py==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via redis
django==4.0.8
    # via
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-bleach
    #   django-celery-beat
    #   django-celery-email
    #   django-comments-dab
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-jsonfield-backport
    #   django-lifecycle
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-netfields
    #   django-nine
    #   django-picklefield
    #   django-treebeard
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
django-appconf==1.0.5
    # via django-celery-email
django-auditlog==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-bleach==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-beat==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-email==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-celery-results==2.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-colorfield==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-comments-dab==2.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-constance==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-debug-toolbar==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-elasticsearch-dsl==7.2.2
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf==0.22.4
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==21.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-jsonfield-backport==1.0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-lifecycle==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-model-utils==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-netfields==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-nine==0.2.5
    # via django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
django-picklefield==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-timezone-field==5.0
    # via django-celery-beat
django-treebeard==4.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   drf-yasg
drf-yasg==1.21.4
    # via -r requirements.in
elasticsearch==7.17.7
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
elasticsearch-dsl==7.4.0
    # via
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
idna==3.4
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via coreschema
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
netaddr==0.8.0
    # via django-netfields
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   django-lifecycle
    #   drf-yasg
    #   redis
pep517==0.13.0
    # via pip-tools
pillow==9.3.0
    # via django-colorfield
pip-chill==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pip-tools==6.6.2
    # via -r requirements.in
prompt-toolkit==3.0.32
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.9.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
python-crontab==2.6.0
    # via django-celery-beat
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   django-auditlog
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-crontab
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via cortex4py
pytz==2022.6
    # via
    #   celery
    #   django-timezone-field
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
redis==4.3.3
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   cortex4py
ruamel-yaml==0.17.21
    # via drf-yasg
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.7
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   click-repl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl
    #   django-elasticsearch-dsl-drf
    #   django-netfields
    #   elasticsearch-dsl
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bleach
tld==0.12.6
    # via -r requirements.in
typing==3.7.4.3
    # via cortex4py
tzdata==2022.6
    # via django-celery-beat
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
urlman==2.0.1
    # via django-lifecycle
validators==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.14.1
    # via deprecated

# manually added:
djangorestframework-simplejwt

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
